<v In the previous research assignment, I studied the 20th chapter and the corresponding paintings of the Tutinama tales.
<v In this chapter, Tutinama, The parrot, tells Khojesteh a story about a woman who to escape
<v consequences from her husband ran into the desert along with her two children. It is here that they come across a
<v Lion. The mother, being the good mother that she is, offers her two children to the lion as sacrifice and asks that in
<v exchange the lion must never return to this part of the desert and she would be free. The lion, having no place to flee too decided
<v to let them all go. The woman and her two children then returned home, and she remained an, “obedient
<v wife” for the rest of her days, a rather misogynistic term expression but it was the 16th century.
<v This chapter has two corresponding paintings although the lion is painted as a leopard. In
<v the first painting we can see the woman walking with her 2 children and in the top right hand corner you can
<v see a leopard. the leopard in this painting appears to be eyeing down the family, and in the second painting the family
<v Lying consistent with the story told by tutinama
<v The artist of this painting used colour intensity to demonstrate distance. Paintings
<v By comparing the colour intensity between the first and second paintings we can see that the second painting
<v has higher intensity, and furthermore; that the proximity between the family and the leopard is much smaller
<v in the second painting. This means that the paintings with lower colour intensity, such as the first one
<v are used to represent larger distances, and the paintings with high colour intensity represent shorter distances.
<v It is likely that the artists who painted these paintings used colour intensity to represent distance.
<v as three-dimensional painting techniques were not introduced until 18th-20th centuries during
<v the British Colonial Period. Now lets focus our attention towards the physical expressions on the woman, and her children.
<v both scenes, The mother however; seems to hold a rather calm temperament despite facing the lion.
<v the children however, look distressed one thing you'll notice, is that there seems to be an
<v Incongruity between the facial and bodily expressions, made by the children. In both paintings
<v the children seem to be distressed if you look at their bodily expressions. However, their smiling
<v as they look at their mother? This stems from a mughal painting technique. The facial expressions made by
<v the individuals are not representative of emotion but rather but rather demonstrate that they are in conversation.
<v Now lets take a look at the woman in the first photo if we zoom in on her hand. We can see that she is
<v Making a gesture, and this gesture is suggesting that she is calm considering that she remains calm throughout
<v the entire ordeal. This would lie consitent with the story told by Tutinama.
<v Now let’s look at the leopard in the second painting.
<v You will notice, that he has a fox tied onto his leg. Nowhere in the story told by Tutinama
<v Does a fox appear. However, the artist thought it important to add a fox into the painting.
<v The paintings title states that the fox is egging the leopard on in his attempts to feed on the family.
<v This is indicative of the shared fight against hunger that all animals face. By representing the
<v animals as a single entity it becomes clear that the artist's intentions were not only to create
<v a shared relationship between the animals. But also to demonstrate the dangers that lie within the desert.
<v As far as we know these are the original forms of these paintings,  but unfortunately it is
<v difficult to guarantee. Recent research conducted by John Seyler showed that many of the paintings
<v Within the manuscript have been the manuscript, have been painted over. This it due to
<v unusually thick layers of paint, as well as spots that lack pignementation likely due to bleeding.
<v This unfortunate information means that some of the paintings are in fact unoriginal
<v Though it is impossible to say with absolute certainty that the paintings discussed today are original.
<v And furthermore, what the originals would look like. It adds to the mystery, and the history surrounding
<v The Tales of The Tutinama manuscript.